Loading indicator suggestion (#859)
cerner/fhir.cerner.com: content/smart.md

The recommended screen resolution varies based on the available screen's real estate. Instead of targeting a specific resolution, the app should be designed to be responsive, and the app should adjust according to the available screen sizes.

### Loading indicator ###
For a better user experience we encourage the use of a loading overlay or a status indicator of progress inside your SMART apps.

> The loading overlay we use inside **Powerchart** for SMART apps is the one found amongst the [Terra UI components](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/application/terra-application/how-to/show-loading-overlays). You might want to use this one if you're building

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The loading overlay we recommend for SMART apps is the one found amongst the [Terra UI components](https://engineering.cerner.com/terra-ui/application/terra-application/how-to/show-loading-overlays). You might want to use this one if you're building
```

Reviewer: I think we can just say we recommend that loading overlay.
@amcginn  thought?
